README.md, before:

# Nebula Protocol Contracts

This repository contains the full source code for the first version of the Nebula Protocol smart contracts deployed on [Terra](https://terra.money).

## Contracts

### Nebula Core

These contracts hold the core logic of the base protocol.

| Contract                                                        | Description                                                                    |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`nebula-airdrop`](./contracts/nebula-airdrop/)                 | Logic for NEB airdrop to LUNA stakers                                          |
| [`nebula-cluster`](./contracts/nebula-cluster/)                 | Logic for mechanisms of individual clusters                                    |
| [`nebula-cluster-factory`](./contracts/nebula-cluster-factory/) | Defines procedure for creating new Clusters                                    |
| [`nebula-collector`](./contracts/nebula-collector/)             | Collects protocol fees and distributes it as rewards to NEB governance stakers |
| [`nebula-community`](./contracts/nebula-community/)             | Controls the funds in the governance-controlled community pool                 |
| [`nebula-gov`](./contracts/nebula-gov/)                         | Manages the decentralized governance functions of Nebula protocol              |
| [`nebula-lp-staking`](./contracts/nebula-lp-staking/)           | Manages NEB rewards for Cluster Token liquidity providers (LP)                 |

### Auxiliary

Some parts of Nebula such as a Cluster's penalty function or NEB incentive campaigns are also implemented using contracts but are not considered part of the protocol.
Nebula ships with a couple default ones, and their code is here.

| Contract                                                              | Description                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`nebula-penalty`](./contracts/nebula-penalty/)                       | Implementation of a Cluster Penalty Function, used by default    |
| [`nebula-incentives`](./contracts/nebula-incentives/)                 | Implementation of a NEB incentive scheme for Astroport arbitrage |
| [`nebula-incentives-custody`](./contracts/nebula-incentives-custody/) | Custody contract for NEB incentive scheme                        |
| [`nebula-oracle`](./contracts/nebula-oracle/)                         | Price oracle contract used by the Nebula Protocol                |

## Development

### Environment Setup

- Rust v.1.57.0
- `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target
- Docker

1. Install [`rustup`](https://rustup.rs)
2. Run the following

```shell
rustup default 1.57.0
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown
```

3. Make sure [Docker](https://docker.com) is installed on your machine

### Unit / Integration Test

Each contract contains Rust unit tests embedded within the contract source directories. You can run

```shell
cargo unit-test
```

### Compiling

Go to the contract directory and run

After making sure tests pass, you can compile each contract with the following

```shell
RUSTFLAGS='-C link-arg=-s' cargo wasm
cp ../../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/<CONTRACT_NAME>.wasm .
ls -l <CONTRACT_NAME>.wasm
sha256sum <CONTRACT_NAME>.wasm
```

#### Production

For production builds, run the following:

```
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code \
  --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target \
  --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry \
  cosmwasm/workspace-optimizer:0.12.5
```

or

```shell
chmod +x build_release.sh
sh build_release.sh
```

This performs several optimizations which can significantly reduce the final size of the contract binaries, which will be available inside the `artifacts/` directory.

## Formatting

Make sure you run `rustfmt` before creating a PR to the repo. You need to install the `nightly` version of `rustfmt`.

```
rustup toolchain install nightly
```

To run `rustfmt`,

```
cargo fmt
```

## Linting

You should run `clippy` also. This is a lint tool for rust. It suggests more efficient/readable code. You can see [the clippy document](https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html) for more information. You need to install `nightly` version of `clippy`.

### Install

```
rustup toolchain install nightly
```

### Run

```
cargo clippy -- -D warnings
```

## Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write unit tests for new code, and to submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run with: `cargo test --all`. For more details, please reference Unit Tests.

## Bug Bounty

The contracts in this repo are included in a [bug bounty program](https://www.immunefi.com/bounty/nebulaprotocol).

## Deployments

### Mainnet

| contract   | address                                      |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| NEB Token  | terra1mpq5zkkm39nmjrjg9raknpfrfmcfwv0nh0whvn |
| Airdrop    | terra1wjqsy2q3xzn3rxv5drutfysvg24pqwsg3nmv0y |
| Governance | terra1gsq7p9a8uu6wdr78rk9cthz57tzkfzrejhdknf |
| Community  | terra1g5py2hu8kpenqetv6xjas5z5gtaszhsuk8yn7n |

Commit message:

impv: add README for admin manager

README.md, after:

# Nebula Protocol Contracts

This repository contains the full source code for the first version of the Nebula Protocol smart contracts deployed on [Terra](https://terra.money).

## Contracts

### Nebula Core

These contracts hold the core logic of the base protocol.

| Contract                                                        | Description                                                                    |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`nebula-admin-manager`](./contracts/nebula-admin-manager/)     | Responsible for executing contract migrations and admin role transfers         |
| [`nebula-airdrop`](./contracts/nebula-airdrop/)                 | Logic for NEB airdrop to LUNA stakers                                          |
| [`nebula-cluster`](./contracts/nebula-cluster/)                 | Logic for mechanisms of individual clusters                                    |
| [`nebula-cluster-factory`](./contracts/nebula-cluster-factory/) | Defines procedure for creating new Clusters                                    |
| [`nebula-collector`](./contracts/nebula-collector/)             | Collects protocol fees and distributes it as rewards to NEB governance stakers |
| [`nebula-community`](./contracts/nebula-community/)             | Controls the funds in the governance-controlled community pool                 |
| [`nebula-gov`](./contracts/nebula-gov/)                         | Manages the decentralized governance functions of Nebula protocol              |
| [`nebula-lp-staking`](./contracts/nebula-lp-staking/)           | Manages NEB rewards for Cluster Token liquidity providers (LP)                 |

### Auxiliary

Some parts of Nebula such as a Cluster's penalty function or NEB incentive campaigns are also implemented using contracts but are not considered part of the protocol.
Nebula ships with a couple default ones, and their code is here.

| Contract                                                              | Description                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`nebula-penalty`](./contracts/nebula-penalty/)                       | Implementation of a Cluster Penalty Function, used by default    |
| [`nebula-incentives`](./contracts/nebula-incentives/)                 | Implementation of a NEB incentive scheme for Astroport arbitrage |
| [`nebula-incentives-custody`](./contracts/nebula-incentives-custody/) | Custody contract for NEB incentive scheme                        |
| [`nebula-oracle`](./contracts/nebula-oracle/)                         | Price oracle contract used by the Nebula Protocol                |

## Development

### Environment Setup

- Rust v.1.57.0
- `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target
- Docker

1. Install [`rustup`](https://rustup.rs)
2. Run the following

```shell
rustup default 1.57.0
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown
```

3. Make sure [Docker](https://docker.com) is installed on your machine

### Unit / Integration Test

Each contract contains Rust unit tests embedded within the contract source directories. You can run

```shell
cargo unit-test
```

### Compiling

Go to the contract directory and run

After making sure tests pass, you can compile each contract with the following

```shell
RUSTFLAGS='-C link-arg=-s' cargo wasm
cp ../../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/<CONTRACT_NAME>.wasm .
ls -l <CONTRACT_NAME>.wasm
sha256sum <CONTRACT_NAME>.wasm
```

#### Production

For production builds, run the following:

```
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code \
  --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target \
  --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry \
  cosmwasm/workspace-optimizer:0.12.5
```

or

```shell
chmod +x build_release.sh
sh build_release.sh
```

This performs several optimizations which can significantly reduce the final size of the contract binaries, which will be available inside the `artifacts/` directory.

## Formatting

Make sure you run `rustfmt` before creating a PR to the repo. You need to install the `nightly` version of `rustfmt`.

```
rustup toolchain install nightly
```

To run `rustfmt`,

```
cargo fmt
```

## Linting

You should run `clippy` also. This is a lint tool for rust. It suggests more efficient/readable code. You can see [the clippy document](https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html) for more information. You need to install `nightly` version of `clippy`.

### Install

```
rustup toolchain install nightly
```

### Run

```
cargo clippy -- -D warnings
```

## Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write unit tests for new code, and to submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run with: `cargo test --all`. For more details, please reference Unit Tests.

## Bug Bounty

The contracts in this repo are included in a [bug bounty program](https://www.immunefi.com/bounty/nebulaprotocol).

## Deployments

### Mainnet

| contract   | address                                      |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| NEB Token  | terra1mpq5zkkm39nmjrjg9raknpfrfmcfwv0nh0whvn |
| Airdrop    | terra1wjqsy2q3xzn3rxv5drutfysvg24pqwsg3nmv0y |
| Governance | terra1gsq7p9a8uu6wdr78rk9cthz57tzkfzrejhdknf |
| Community  | terra1g5py2hu8kpenqetv6xjas5z5gtaszhsuk8yn7n |
